nor David help my kingdom is falling
people need to be safe therefore great
ask me what will put your building
skills to the test I will need you to
build a fortress far to the north where
there is no evil first you will need to
get there I have a ship ready for part
of the tortoise he will travel my first
there a man will be waiting for you with
a map which has the location of a
billboard enforces leave as soon as
possible good luck die English
hello everyone and welcome to a brand
new series on our channel called let's
build rise of a kingdom that's right
the evil swarming the lungs of the south
and we've been sent with a task by king
banjo to build a fortress far to the
north of the world where there is no
evil you have to make sure that all the
people that are gonna move into this
fortress are gonna have enough food to
eat they're gonna have a roof over their
head and obviously they have to be
entertained so let's not hesitate
anymore and let's get started
hello everyone and welcome to the end of
this week's video this is the part where
I'm gonna show you up close who I've
been building so you can see all of the
detail and all that surf stuff cuz
obviously you can't see everything from
there the flyby shots die hard so let's
just get on with doing that as you can
see here the them wooden walkways that
you would used to get on to and get off
a ship but there aren't any ships here
yet because none of the ships have
arrived from Kingdom banjo yet here you
have some supplies you have create
supplies inside and using them rails has
ropes
so it secures them in place here you
have a little banner just to add a
little bit more decoration and here you
have a granny rating where you would
keep all of your supplies as you can see
we have some pumpkins we have chests
with supplies inside on melons there's a
second floor to this as you can see on
here you have some buttons too and I
want to make them look like nails so
just to add a little bit more detail and
here you have some wooden logs secured
with ropes as well and a crane because
obviously you need some sort of a way to
get all of the supplies of the ships so
so that and here you have some more
wooden walkways and here's a little path
that it's gonna connect this dock with
and the rest of the kingdom obviously
and this is where you guys coming make
sure to leave some suggestions down
below of what to build because obviously
I'm not gonna come up with like all of
the best ideas so if you think you have
something and that could look quite good
just just leave that comment down below
and I hope you guys enjoyed this week's
video I should see you next week I don't
know when
I don't know when this video is gonna go
out but I hope you enjoyed leave a like
if you did and subscribe if you're new
and I I hope you will have a great day
and I will see you next time bye bye bye
everyone